Document authentication reqs in openapi schema (#109613)
openshift/openshift-docs: operate/ols-interacting-with-the-api.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="ols-interacting-with-the-api"]
= Interacting with the API
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: ols-interacting-with-the-api

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Authenticate requests to the {ols-long} API and manage security credentials for Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers. You must secure your API calls through proper header configuration and verify specific endpoint requirements by using the provided reference matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secure your interaction with the {ols-long} API by obtaining authentication tokens, configuring request headers for Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers, and troubleshooting common authentication errors.
```
